PERF Call KDTree in mutual_info to reduce memory footprint (#17878)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.24.rst

  :pr:`17090` by :user:`Lisa Schwetlick <lschwetlick>` and
  :user:`Marija Vlajic Wheeler <marijavlajic>`.

> - |Efficiency| Reduce memory footprint in :func:`feature_selection._compute_mi_cd`
>   and :func:`feature_selection._compute_mi_cc` by calling :class:`neighbors.KDTree`

Reviewer: Since the whats new is user facing, highlighting the public functions that this PR improves is preferred:

```suggestion
- |Efficiency| Reduce memory footprint in :func:`feature_selection.mutual_info_classif`
  and :func:`feature_selection.mutual_info_regression` by calling :class:`neighbors.KDTree`
```

>   for counting nearest neighbors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for counting nearest neighbors.
```

>   for counting nearest neighbors

Reviewer: May need to rewrap to make this pass linting.
